Angelica, a dedicated lawyer and loving
mom, devoted her life to her family.
She had always envisioned a beautiful
future with her children.
Graduations, birthdays, weddings, and the
sweet sound of grandchildren running
through her house.
However, everything fell apart during a
routine checkup when the doctor delivered
the devastating news.
She had cancer.
I'm sorry, Angelica.
You have approximately three months to live.
Said Dr. Moreno, his voice echoing coldly
in the room.
Angelica felt as though her heart had
been ripped out.
What about her dreams?
What would happen to her children, Lucas,
Sarah, and Daniel?
Worry consumed her, but she decided she
couldn't let fear rule her remaining days.
With courage, Angelica called her three
children, saying, Take me to eat wherever
I want.
I want to enjoy my last days.
She smiled, even though it was forced.
In her mind, a burning desire ignited, to
live every moment to the fullest.
On the weekend, when they arrived at the
restaurant, Angelica ordered a feast.
Meat, chicken, seafood, and all the
juices she craved.
Mom, you can't eat that.
It's too much.
Lucas interrupted, concern in his eyes.
I love you, son, but please let me die in peace.
I want to enjoy what I have left.
She replied firmly.
Then, she knelt at the table and prayed.
Lord, thank you for the life you've given me.
I'm grateful for your love and these
three months I have left.
I will use them living fully and helping others.
Days turned into weeks, and surprisingly,
Angelica was still alive.
During those three months, she lived her
best life ever.
A lot of trips with her children, family
dinners, and laughter.
Each passing day was a gift.
On day 91, her children began to doubt.
Really?
Where's the death that was supposed to come?
Daniel commented sarcastically.
Angelica smiled and replied.
Maybe death got confused and took someone else.
Seven months later, the family gathered
for a special dinner to celebrate her survival.
Angelica felt good, with renewed energy.
I feel incredible.
She told her siblings and children.
It seems the cancer has forgotten me.
After a medical checkup, Dr. Valeria was stunned.
I can't explain it, Angelica, but the
tests show the cancer is gone.
She said in amazement, Angelica, shocked,
looked up at the sky, tears streaming
down her face in happiness.
From that day on, her favorite song
became, To God Be the Glory.
Her children and their dad, her husband
witnessing this miracle, decided to
surrender to Jesus, grateful for the gift
of their mother.
Angelica's husband, Juan, also joined
them, and together they chose to live not
only for themselves, but to help others.
Years passed, and Angelica's family
became a beacon of hope in their community.
They started helping the poor, organizing
community kitchens and donations.
Angelica, who once feared death, now
lived with renewed purpose.
At a community gathering, she shared her story.
Cancer taught me to value every day.
I thank God for giving me another chance.
I don't just live for myself, but for
those who need hope.
Her children, inspired by her example,
joined her mission, forming a family
united by love, faith, and generosity.
Each day was a celebration of life, an
opportunity to give and share.
Over time, Angelica's family expanded.
Grandchildren arrived, filling her home
with laughter and joy.
Angelica, now wiser and stronger, passed
on to her children and grandchildren the
importance of living with purpose and gratitude.
Living fully doesn't mean having much,
but giving much.
She taught them.
True wealth is found in love and generosity.
Thus, Angelica and her family turned
their pain into strength, becoming a
symbol of hope in their community, living
each day as a gift.
Their story was not only a testimony of
faith and perseverance, but also a lesson
in the power of love and the ability to
overcome adversity.